OSDOCS-17406 4.22: Update documentation for GA of PowerVC IPI (#112141)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_ibm_powervc/installing-ibm-powervc-installer-custom.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements_{context}"]

Reviewer: Would be worth checking on publish if these attributes rendered in the heading as sometimes they do not. A follow-up PR might be needed.

Author: It renders properly. Link: https://112141--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/installing/installing_ibm_powervc/installing-ibm-powervc-installer-custom#installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements_installing-ibm-powervc-installer-custom

<img width="1272" height="389" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14f0d5dd-7838-4e60-b7af-a74e0bcb4fbe" />

@dfitzmau

= Infrastructure requirements for installing {product-title} on {ibm-power-vc-name}

> To support an {product-title} installation using the installation program, you need to prepare your {ibm-power-vc-name} environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
To support an {product-title} installation by using the installation program, you need to prepare your {ibm-power-vc-name} environment.
```

To meet DITA prep requirements.

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-account_{context}"]
== {ibm-power-vc-name} account privilege requirements

> When installing {product-title} on {ibm-power-vc-name} using the installation program, you must use an administrative account to ensure that you have all required permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing {product-title} on {ibm-power-vc-name} by using the installation program, you must use an administrative account to ensure that you have all required permissions.
```

<img width="1081" height="150" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f73c34f-41ab-4fde-9302-ad69b1e835c0" />

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-image_{context}"]
== {ibm-power-vc-name} image requirements
You will need to import a {op-system-first} image. This can be found using the installation program.

[source,terminal]
----
$ openshift-install coreos print-stream-json | jq -r '.architectures.ppc64le.artifacts.openstack' | jq -r '.formats."qcow2.gz".disk.location'
----

> Once downloaded from the resultant URL, you can import into {ibm-power-vc-name} using the `powervc-image-import` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After downloading the image from the resultant URL, you can import the image into {ibm-power-vc-name} by using the `powervc-image-import` tool.
```

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-networking_{context}"]
== Networking requirements

> === {ibm-power-vc-name} network

Reviewer: https://redhat.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/OSDOCS/pages/265912624/Content+updates+in+preparation+for+migrating+to+DITA

<img width="1047" height="406" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3a2241d-455e-48e6-9b8d-a6c889f2903c" />

Author: Updated heading levels to remove nested level 3 sections and ensure DITA compliance.

Installation requires at least one PowerVC network. Ideally the network should be dedicated to your {product-title} cluster and not shared with other workloads.

> It is recommended that the network is set as a DHCP network in {ibm-power-vc-name}. You must have a DHCP server set up to assign addresses for this network. When using this type of network, {ibm-power-vc-name} is not aware of the IP address that is assigned to the created servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat/IBM (which one?) recommendes that the network is set as a DHCP network in {ibm-power-vc-name}. You must have a DHCP server set up to assign addresses for this network. When using this type of network, {ibm-power-vc-name} is not aware of the IP address that is assigned to the created servers.
```

Reviewer 2: I would say `IBM` in this instance as it deals with a detail of Power VC rather than OpenShift

Author: Thank you @mjturek. I have now updated the PR.

=== DNS records

> DNS records pointing to loadbalancer service are required for installation. In each record, `<cluster_name>` is the cluster name and `<base_domain>` is the cluster base domain that you specify when you install the cluster. A complete DNS record takes the form: `<component>.<cluster_name>.<base_domain>.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS records pointing to a `LoadBalancer` service are required for installation. In each record, `<cluster_name>` is the cluster name and `<base_domain>` is the cluster base domain that you specify when you install the cluster. A complete DNS record takes the form: `<component>.<cluster_name>.<base_domain>.`.
```

.Required DNS records
[cols="1a,5a,3a",options="header"]
|===

|Component
|Record
|Description

|API VIP
|`api.<cluster_name>.<base_domain>.`
|This DNS A/AAAA or CNAME (Canonical Name) record must point to the load balancer for the cluster. This record must be resolvable by both clients external to the cluster and from all the nodes within the cluster.

|API VIP
|`api-int.<cluster_name>.<base_domain>.`
|This DNS A/AAAA or CNAME (Canonical Name) record must point to the load balancer for the cluster. This record must be resolvable by all the nodes within the cluster.

|Ingress VIP
|`*.apps.<cluster_name>.<base_domain>.`

> |A wildcard DNS A/AAAA or CNAME record that points to the load balancer that targets the machines that run the Ingress router pods, which are the worker nodes by default. This record must be resolvable by both clients external to the cluster and from all the nodes within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A wildcard DNS A/AAAA or CNAME record that points to the load balancer that targets the machines that run the Ingress router pods, which are the compute nodes by default. This record must be resolvable by both clients external to the cluster and from all the nodes within the cluster.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_ibm_powervc/installing-ibm-powervc-installer-custom.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements_{context}"]
= Infrastructure requirements for installing {product-title} on {ibm-power-vc-name}

[role="_abstract"]

> To support an {product-title} installation using the installation program, you need to prepare your {ibm-power-vc-name} environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support an {product-title} installation by using the installation program, you need to prepare your {ibm-power-vc-name} environment.
```

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-account_{context}"]
== {ibm-power-vc-name} account privilege requirements

When installing {product-title} on {ibm-power-vc-name} by using the installation program, you must use an administrative account to ensure that you have all required permissions.

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-image_{context}"]
== {ibm-power-vc-name} image requirements

> You will need to import a {op-system-first} image. This can be found using the installation program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must import a {op-system-first} image. This can be found by using the installation program.
```

[source,terminal]
----
$ openshift-install coreos print-stream-json | jq -r '.architectures.ppc64le.artifacts.openstack' | jq -r '.formats."qcow2.gz".disk.location'
----

After downloading the image from the resultant URL, you can import the image into {ibm-power-vc-name} by using the `powervc-image-import` tool.

[id="installation-ibm-powervc-infra-requirements-networking_{context}"]
== Networking requirements

== {ibm-power-vc-name} network
Installation requires at least one PowerVC network. Ideally the network should be dedicated to your {product-title} cluster and not shared with other workloads.

> IBM recommendes that the network is set as a DHCP network in {ibm-power-vc-name}. You must have a DHCP server set up to assign addresses for this network. When using this type of network, {ibm-power-vc-name} is not aware of the IP address that is assigned to the created servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IBM recommends that the network is set as a DHCP network in {ibm-power-vc-name}. You must have a DHCP server set up to assign addresses for this network. When using this type of network, {ibm-power-vc-name} is not aware of the IP address that is assigned to the created servers.
```
